# How to introduce yourself in a group



| Not to do             | What to do                                          |
| --------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| I don't speak English | English isn't my first language.                    |
| Say stupid shit.      | Practice what you'll say                            |
| Talk quietly          | Speak loudly                                        |
| Talk too much         | A few sentences                                     |
| Brag/boast            | Say something positive/fun.                         |
| Look at the floor     | Focus on something eye-level or look at the people. |

```
insulting
embarrass
impression
mushroom
conversation
quiet
fairies
yelling
weird
brag
boast
distracted
incorporate
thumb up
come across as confident
```



# Think in English

This only one way to be a fluently speaker is think by English.

1. Make English is part of your life, if Enjoy it more perfect.
2. at least 30 minutes, live in English. Not made that like a mission, because you will hate that.



## Reading

1. You get a feeling that one word can be used situation
2. Guss meaning of new words, it force you think in English
   1. if you use dictionary, Only english dictionary
3. You can learn many new vocabulary

sugest reading material: reit.com, wipedia.com

Fiction is also fine, Harry Potter 



## New Word

1. Use English dictionary
2. see all form of one word, such as learn learned learning
3. learning word in context

## idioms

idioms seem like phrase 

1. Know one idiom , not only know the meaning, bug also know the used situation

> One in a million/ unique
>
> My wife is one in a million
>
> Your accent is unique

2. Use idiom, depends on situation, region ..etc
   1. Mabe some common idiom used in London, but not often used in US.

## 4-word

force to focus think in English, and you must think in English

use and 4 word that choice by radom to make a certain sentence.

> Ex: stick stable across  common

> I use a powerful stick to creating a stable common bridge  across the river.

## Variation

 

## Listening

for dair amarican education system is spond wide range of opossums have to be solutions.

bequer the problem cording to the most, it's a testery system which becoming crazing narrow and strangely recent years.

the difficulty is finding a nibetable alternative, and available among of teacher invauading students who has to be both inclusive and comprehensive.

Well, at the same time recognizing your individual  achievement 

what ever the case, most visual  the leaders have deluding the curl problem dosn't line the hand of teachers but rather than instead of had done by the education board .



# Advance English Learning Plan

- Do Listening practice once a week at least.
- keep English Thinking in my mind all time, make that as a habit.
- Reading exercise as mainly material input way at any free time. such as at the way on work.
